but full of again let me start by saying
yes I know there will be some adult
slash dolt who don't understand this
video as a joke but it's the risk every
man must take if he wants to get to
repeatedly say Joe deceptive the stars
of our movie today
ah no matter what you do with your
career you always gonna be Harry Potter
you adorable little bloke it's Sharon
Bell the Dowager Countess of Grantham I
hate you actually come have you and the
lesser creepy of the two Dumbledore's
bleed our story begins with this old
homeless-looking Giza using a magical
cigarette lighter to put out all the
streetlights in this air neighborhood so
he can break into some homes and steal
some swag to sell so he can support his
monkey Joe death scepter but he seems to
be uncomfortably familiar with this cat
who then turns into some old bit and
they just start a casual conversation
about all the latest gossip where do you
expect him to do people are still people
you know this is just a telenovela in
English with some boots on him for
funsies Joe death cept up it was set in
the sky it's a bird it's a plane is a
giant riding a flying motorcycle with a
baby carry on his chest with a baby in
it oh yeah a giant just give the baby to
the crazy homeless people but he talked
about how they gotta leave the baby with
these white people that live in this
house because custody battles only exist
to make pawns of children Joe deceptor
and they say he's going to be a bigger
celebrity child in Blue Ivy and the Jang
gets a little weepy and they wish the
little Harry Potter baby luck because
these nasty people they leaving him with
a mess his self-esteem all up and leave
him to a life of drug abuse and then
they just got us moving
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone so
fast forward a few years when little
Harry is older his cousins are duty his
ass of superduty
and his uncle is a mega duty but cousin
duty is displeased about his apparent
birthday present deficit so it's off to
the zoo where Harry upgrades from
talking to duties to talking to snakes
and Harry says your life sucked my life
suck I live sir wonder which one of our
life sucks worse then cousin Duty always
gotta insert his brown self and
everything the hair it does the Voodoo
and bye old friend be sure to write away
you in your hands
then cousin duty is incarcerated like he
should be
and then harry gets incarcerated for
incarceration duty Joe this effed up but
Harry gets a letter from this place
called pigs its then more letters then
more letters so in a sad attempt to
outrun the evil clutches of the crazy
homeless people Postal Service uncle
mega duty moves the family to this
medieval abode to celebrate his birthday
Harry makes a wish and blows out the
candles on his self baked Mick believed
dirt cake and then who is it it's
make-believe and take that zyggie piggy
so make-believe whisks Harry out of that
dump picked to school but before that
got to make a pit stop at this magical
alleyway for some back-to-school
shopping but before that got to go to
the Goblin Bank to pick up the swag of
magical money hair his parents left him
when they croaked and Hagrid makes a pit
stop for some swag of his own and after
that got to go to the wand shop to get
the most important item Harry will ever
own his life from the guy who played in
the movie version 1984 where there was
that room that showed you your deepest
fears that sounds an awful lot like a
boggart and I'm just saying is one of
those times Joe don't seem all that
original and here's an owl but don't get
too attached because at the end of your
schooling he's just gonna get blowed up
Joe gets effed up then Harry puts the
pieces of the puzzle together and
realizes the one who gave him that
wicked mark on his cute little forehead
he's also the one who blowed up his
parents and who will be responsible for
the bloating up of his owl okay I need
to speed up
Packard abandons the orphan who has no
idea where he's going on how to get
there now he has to rely on the kindness
of his impoverished lot of over burritos
chugga-chugga-chugga
chugga-chugga-chugga then into his new
BFF
days BFS favorite booty he tries to
impressive by bloating up his pet rat
tail
row row row your boat and the cat bit is
like okay we're gonna divide you all up
into four houses that'd be like your
family and you each other up resented by
certain symbols and colors and you're
gonna fight with wands and spells and
you know what it's just a gang wall then
this douche is like you need any help
and here's like with what and the DB is
like you figured it out yet and there's
like what's that and DB is like who's
the best wizard and here's like nothing
I can figure that out on my own tanks
ice man then they get so did harry gets
evil-eyed by trent reznor and what are
the styles of money Python
his head in front of the babies Joe
death cept oh the next day Harry learns
Trent Reznor is going to teach him
chemistry and then learns he can fly
high defying gravity and something about
some sports it takes up way too much
time in these books and movies we gonna
take it up too much time this movie's
quite long so let's beat it up Ron
Hermione have a love of spat a minor
crisis in the toilet and then troll
bogies Joe deceptive and there's a long
chase scheme wait come on down to CJ I
said oh what a grass is faking the
snitches pretty after some meddling in
snooping Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys
find out this three-headed dog has
gotten The Sorcerer's Stone and all I'm
wondering is who pooper scoopers that
dude it three mouths one digestive
system no doggy walk that room mustang
did a bunch more meddling snooping and
encounter and undead Boulder motes and
finding out the big idiot giant told the
bad guys to sing the three-headed
quantum duty machine to sleep come on
down see guys hit it with a dog looks
fake in the room smell [ __ ] a and some
battle chest before Harry finds
Professor Quirrell who I skipped because
he wasn't interesting staring into a
mirror which I skipped because it wasn't
interesting trying to steal the
Sorcerer's Stone and removing his turban
where he reveals the undead Voldemort
mooching off the back of his noggin Joe
deceptor then it burns the MF and he
crumples into a big pile of ash like
somebody smoked him and the undead
Voldemort flies right out of there like
his own buttocks on fire except you
don't have buttocks
boring good guy monologue I got that
stone destroyed blabbity blah blah
your friends are safe and nobody you
care about dies until the end of these
movies including your owl so don't get
too attached blah blah blabbity blah and
your mother's love is the reason you
more powerful than most other wizards
what a cracker Doody blabbity blabbity
blah blah so get your buns outta bed so
we can pretentious later on one of the
gang walls before surprisingly given
your posse special points to put you
over the top and then here it goes back
to the to to to to to to return to his
life in hell until he can come back for
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
and I've never understood why if he was
protected with Dumbledore and was so
damn special he couldn't just live at
Hogwarts 247 365 day and be sure to LIKE
share and subscribe for your regular
spell of meth you can expect me to
upload more videos whenever I feel like
celebrating the holiday with a Harry
Potter marathon also a quick thank you
to one of my special patrons Tiffany who
I left out of the last thank yous and
didn't mean to
I'm so sorry a special month for movies
is lame fall I'm Jeb Harry died
no not har Y H AI R y ou die
Joe deceptive